#define NAME Asmadeus
#define AGE 8912
#define JOB1 Wizard
#define JOB2 Cashier
#define 89 52

---

NAME, the ancient JOB1, had lived through the rise and fall of countless empires. At the
age of AGE, his name was whispered in the halls of power, and his spells were legend.
Once a master of the arcane, he had seen the world change in ways even his vast intellect
could scarcely fathom. Magic had waned, and with it, his importance in a world that now relied
more on technology and commerce than on the flickering light of enchanted orbs.

But time had not been kind to NAME. The grand citadels he once frequented were now little
more than ruins, the mages of old either vanished or forgotten. In their place were the
machines and the mundane concerns of everyday life. No longer did the old JOB1 traverse the
astral planes or command the forces of the cosmos. Instead, he had taken on a more... pedestrian
role as a JOB2.

NAME, now a JOB2, dressed in a simple green apron and an unassuming name tag, sat behind
the register at a local supermarket, scanning items with a mechanical precision that belied his
centuries of magical training. His mind, sharp as ever despite his AGE, found it difficult to
reconcile the grandiose spells of his past with the monotony of barcode scanning. A faint glow
of magic would occasionally flicker from his fingers as he punched in the barcode, but it was more
out of habit than necessity. He could still perform feats of magic — had he the time and inclination
— but instead, he was here, counting coins, handing out receipts, and answering questions like any
other mundane JOB2.

At AGE, one would expect a JOB1 like him to be living out his days in luxury, or perhaps
searching for the next cosmic mystery to unlock. Instead, NAME was stuck in this endless cycle
of work, for reasons even he couldn’t fully explain. It wasn’t about money, of course. In all his
years, he'd amassed more than enough wealth. No, it was something deeper, something subtle. The
world had changed, and he had to adapt, just like everyone else.

A customer approached, her cart laden with bread, milk, and various other items. NAME gave her
a warm, if somewhat tired, smile.

"Hello, madam. Will that be all for today?" His voice, though smooth and commanding in his youth,
now carried the weight of eons.

The woman, oblivious to the centuries of wisdom behind those eyes, nodded enthusiastically.
"Yep! Just the usual. Thanks!"

As he scanned her items, a thought lingered in his mind. Was this truly the end of his journey?
To spend his days ringing up canned beans and greeting customers with mechanical politeness? At
AGE, he had already shaped the destinies of kings, summoned creatures of unimaginable power,
and unlocked the deepest secrets of the universe. Now, he was no more than a cog in the machine
of modern society.

But as the woman handed over her payment, NAME noticed something that sparked a flicker of
his old self — a child, standing in the aisle, staring up at him with wide eyes. The child’s gaze
was filled with wonder, as if he knew there was something extraordinary about the tired old man
who wore a nametag instead of a robe.

A smile, genuine and full of ancient knowledge, curved NAME's lips. Perhaps the world had
changed, but his purpose had not. He was still a JOB1, even if his magic now had to be subtle,
hidden in the smallest of gestures. Perhaps he was meant to inspire the next generation — not through
grand displays of power, but through quiet, unnoticed interactions.

"Have a good day," he said, handing the woman her receipt.

She took it, distracted by her phone, but the child continued to watch, mesmerized.

NAME turned to the next customer, his hand slightly trembling as the years of magic pulsed beneath
his skin. At AGE, he knew the world would never truly understand the vastness of his knowledge
or the weight of his experiences. But maybe that was the point. Maybe this was his new role: not to
rule the world with grand spells, but to quietly inspire, one small interaction at a time.

Perhaps, in the end, even a JOB1 could find new purpose in the simplest of things — even as a JOB2.
